Wildwood is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves French food .
Green Man is an Italian restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn .
There is a high priced Indian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It is family friendly .
Located near Café Rouge in the city centre , the price range is 5 out of 5 .
There is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area that has a price range of more than £ 30 .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in the riverside area .
Indian restaurant is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre . It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Indian , near Express by Holiday Inn , has a high customer rating .
Zizzi is a coffee shop near Burger King .
Located in the riverside area near Café Rouge , the price range is less than £ 20 .
Green Man is a coffee shop near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café , in the city centre , there is a cheap Italian restaurant that is not family friendly .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , in the riverside area , there is a price range of more than £ 30 .
Strada is a pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Giraffe is a fast food pub near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Ranch .
Located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia , the price range is high .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Italian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the riverside area has a customer rating of less than £ 20 .
Giraffe is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves French food .
Clowns is a coffee shop near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Wildwood is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Indian food .
It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Green Man is a pub near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , in the riverside area , is a fast food restaurant with a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , in the city centre , there is a moderately priced pub called Type : pub .
Blue Spice is an English restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
There is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area that serves English food . It has a price range of less than £ 20 .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , in the riverside area , there is a moderately priced pub called the French Pub . It is located near the riverside
There is an Indian pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area that is not family friendly .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine is a high priced English food restaurant .
in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Clowns is a pub near All Bar One . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia .
Wildwood is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves French food .
Fast food is located near Café Sicilia in the riverside area .
Fast food is located near Café Sicilia in the riverside area . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
There is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area that is family friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30 .
Cocum is a coffee shop near Burger King .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn .
The Cricketers is a restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn .
Indian restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is rated 1 out of 5 .
Green Man is a Japanese restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel , the price range is 5 out of 5 .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area , it is a family friendly place with a low customer rating .
