A kid friendly restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area named Wildwood serves French food .

Near Express by Holiday Inn their is a restaurant that is family friendly serving Italian food along the riverside named Green Man .

The Waterman is an expensive , kid friendly restaurant that serves Indian cuisine in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .

restaurant called The Cricketers is family - friendly , sells English food and is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5 in the city centre near Café Rouge

The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant that is located in the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . They serve Italian food with a high price range of more than £ 30

At the riverside , there is a coffee shop called The Blue Spice .

Indian restaurant and restaurant , The Punter , is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn having a moderate price and 3 out of 5 Rating .

The Punter is a restaurant that offers Indian food that is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area . The price range is more than 30 euro 's and is kid friendly .

An average rated coffee shop called Zizzi is nearby Burger King .

The Mill is a family friendly restaurant with prices less than £ 20 . They serve English food . They are in the riverside area near Café Rouge . The Mill 's customer rating is low .

Near All Bar One is the Green Man coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

The Punter is a cheap , non family - friendly , restaurant located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . They serve Italian and have an average customer rating .

There is a high priced range pub called The Vaults located in City Centre that is family friendly and offers Raja Indian Cuisine .

Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café , there is a pub called Strada with customer rating 1 out of 5 .

Giraffe is a kids - friendly pub located in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . Fast food

The Cricketers is child friendly near a Ranch and has a Low customer rating

The Mill , located near the Café Sicilia , is an upscale , family - friendly pub offering tasty burgers and fries . It is several blocks from the city center .

A kid friendly coffee shop is The Cricketers which is near the Avalon . It is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating .

There is an inexpensive , family - friendly pub near the river and Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It 's called The Vaults and serves pasta .

Even if it 's not family - friendly , if you are searching for a pub near the riverside and Raja Indian Cuisine , Giraffe is a great place to go to .

Good customer score of 3 out of 5 Clowns coffee shop is a recommended place to eat . Located near the All Bar One .

Wildwood is a children friendly pub that serves Indian food . It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .

The Wrestlers is a pub providing Japanese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre near to Raja Indian Cuisine and the customer rating is 1 out of 5 . Friendly for kids .

If you 're looking for a great place to eat , try Green Man , a pub near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .

For under £ 25 The Mill offers a kid friendly pub serving fast food located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine

The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring their kids .

Blue Spice us a restaurant in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .

There is an inexpensive and family friendly restaurant serving English fare near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside called The Mill .

Moderately priced and kid friendly , The Vaults is a pub serving French food near Raja Indian Cuisine on the Riverside .

An expensive adult Indian pub near Raja Indian Cuisine located riverside is The Waterman .

Located on the Riverside , close to Raja Indian Cuisine , you will find the restaurant The Punter , serving a traditional English menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly .

The Wrestlers pub is a family friendly sushi restaurant . It 's located near Raja Indian Cuisine .

For a 3 out of 5 star customer rated pub near All Bar One , Clowns is relatively expensive .

Near Café Sicilia , is a family friendly coffee shop , The Cricketers , It has an average customer rating .

A kid friendly pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area named Wildwood serves French food .

Located next to Café Sicilia on the river in City centre is a five star rated , family friendly pub that serves moderately priced burger and fries called The Mill .

The Mill is a family friendly pub near Café Sicilia by a riverside in the City centre , with a high price range and low customer rating .

Come to restaurant near the Avalon named The Cricketers . It has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5 . yes , it is Children friendly .

The Mill is a restaurant located at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food has a price range more than £ 30 and a children friendly place .

There is a coffee shop named Cocum located near Burger King . This coffee shop has a high customer rating .

Near Express by Holiday Inn there is a coffee shop called The Cricketers . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

Located near Express by Holiday Inn , The Cricketers , is an overly priced restaurant that the whole family will enjoy .

The Punter is a restaurant providing Indian food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Express by Holiday Inn . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

Green Man , a Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre is family - friendly .

The Phoenix is a cheap pub situated at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .

Over by the Raja Indian Cuisine on riverside is The Vaults pub . Fairly low rated , but family friendly , and providing Japanese for below £ 20 .

